Team : FireWeb
Date: 12/10/2020
Time: 10:35 - 10:50
Minutes by: Stephen Barry
Attendees: Stephen, Alex and Ian

Once a student registers can they change course?:
No, There isn’t no course there is only a one time course or booking.

Would the customer like a newsletter emailed to them?:
Yes the customer was interested. (Would be used as marketing for recital)

Would the customer like a feedback page on the website?:
The customer doesn’t require that at the moment.

Could we get the documents off the Customer such as the staff names, list of instruments etc..?:
They are available on GitHub.

Can you sign up for the recital without being registered in the system?:
Customer doesn’t want to make it difficult.
Customer may ask them for a email address.
They can log in as a guest.
With a credit card booking there will have to be some confirmation going back to the customer.

Would the customer be interested in a calendar on the website?:
Yes the customer would have to see how that would work.
The customers main concern is to get the main priority functions working.

What is the max amount of bookings available for the recital?:
With the new building the max is 100 people.

Do you know how much earnings you have gotten from bookings?:
No 

Is there a maintenance department to take care of instruments?:
This poses problems.
Would be great to have a list on the instruments or chairs and mic stands.
Customer would like if a member of staff could log information somewhere.
Is there an admin department and exams department.
Customer would like specific departments maintenance, exam etc..

Is there any yearly report on exams?:
Customer would like to generate reports online(3 months or 6 months).
Customer provided a list of rooms and the capacity of the rooms.
Not a list of teachers and students yet.
In terms of booking exams the system needs a way to accept bookings from external (online).
List of tuition fees.

How does an external exam work?: 
Teacher applies online, the grades and instrument they are taking the exam in.
Preferred center.
Posted into the center with the exam fees.
Grade 1 to 8.
Examiners are allocated to a center.
Process takes 3-4 weeks.
Trying to put this online.
Students can then book and pay there an then.
Examiners marks student in exam and the academy process the result and the student receives 
Certificate.
A lot to be taken online.

Would the customer be interested in a filter option on the website?:
Not so much like that.
Maybe list of types of instruments.
Checklist for what teachers teach the instrument and what times etc.
